This is the sample submission format for the **Malware Detection In the Wild** Leaderboard (https://malwaredetectioninthewild.github.io/)

You are expected to provide three files as part of your submission (you can also submit auxiliary files and scripts needed for your submission):

* **setup_environment.sh** A bash script to create a Conda environment and download the requires packages for your submission (e.g., Pytorch). This repository includes an example for this script.

* **process_features.py**: Reads the reports that contain traces in the dataset_path (please see https://github.com/malwaredetectioninthewild/explore_data notebook to learn about the standardized report format and how to read it) and converts them to a feature matrix expected by your model. This repository includes an example for this script. An example command that will be used on your submission is:

*python process_features.py --dataset_path example_testing_data --features_filepath features.npy*

* **inference.py**: Reads the feature matrix generated by process_features.py, loads your model and other auxiliary files needed by your submission to produce predictions for each trace. This repository includes an example for this script. An example command that will be used on your submission is:

*python inference.py --dataset_path example_testing_data --device cuda --features_filepath features.npy --results_filepath results.pkl*

The final output of the submission is a Python dictionary saved as a pickle at the *results_filepath* path (given as a command line parameter to your **inference.py** script). This dictionary maps each report file (trace) in *dataset_path* (given as a command line parameter to your **process_features.py** and **inference.py** scripts) to its predicted malware-ness score.

Based on this submission format, we have also provided a small dataset (*example_testing_data*), auxiliary scripts and files to demonstrate how to structure a submission. Please download and extract the auxiliary_files needed for this example from https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/tf98fpo9n26ys4xr3bsbd/auxiliary_files.zip?rlkey=lczdmcy7utx1lvb2k5jrk6s0c&dl=0  

Finally, this repository also includes **features.npy** that is produced by our included **process_features.py** (the feature matrix accepted by our model as input); and **results.pkl** as an example valid output produced by our included **inference.py**.


<h3> Contact </h3>

*contact information will be released when the leaderboard is officially launched*
